update tests for webpack 5 (#395)
GoogleChromeLabs/tooling.report: tests/non-js-resources/subtests/css/subtests/url/webpack/index.md

result: pass
---

> [css-loader] processes imported CSS files, which can then be passed through [extract-loader] to obtain the stylesheet text as a String. With webpack module type `asset/resource` a URL for this string can be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSS files processed using [css-loader] can be passed through [extract-loader] to obtain the stylesheet text as a string. Setting the module's `type` option to `"asset/resource"` makes it possible to obtain the URL for the stylesheet asset using `new URL('./x.css', import.meta.url)` or `import url from './x.css'`.
```
